1. What is OpenJDK?
OpenJDK (Open Java Development Kit) is a free and open-source implementation of the Java Platform, Standard Edition (Java SE). 
It's the result of an effort initiated by Sun Microsystems in 2006, before their acquisition by Oracle.

OpenJDK serves as the foundation for many commercial Java Development Kits, including Oracle's JDK.   
In essence, OpenJDK provides the core tools and libraries necessary for developing and running Java applications
. It's a cornerstone of the Java ecosystem, empowering developers and organizations worldwide.

2. what is Oracle JDK?
Oracle JDK is a specific distribution of the Java Development Kit (JDK) developed and maintained by Oracle Corporation. 
It's based on the OpenJDK project but includes Oracle-specific features, optimizations, and support

3. Choosing Between OpenJDK and Oracle JDK?
The choice between OpenJDK and Oracle JDK depends on your specific needs and priorities. 
If you require a free and open-source solution with community support, OpenJDK is an excellent choice.
However, if you need commercial support, extended LTS, or access to Oracle-specific features, Oracle JDK is a viable option.

4. What is SDK MAN?
https://sdkman.io/install/
to install and manage java or JDK multiple versions for local development.

5. Why Java 8?
Because of the technology advancements , java creators introduced functional programming
Lambdas,
Streams,
Optionals etch.
it Simplieifes the concurrency operations.

6. What is functional programming?
let to create functions and assign the functionality to a variable and passit around.
and for creating immutable objects to avoid issues.
and Writing the code in Declarative way rather than Imperative way

7. What is Writing the code in Declarative way rather than Imperative way?

Imperative Programming Style:
Focus on how to perform the oeprations, Embrace object mutability, This style pf programming lists the step by step of instructions oh how to achieve an objective.
We write the code what needs to be done in each step.
This style is used with classic Object Oriented Programming.

Declarative programming Style:
Focus on what is the result you want.
Embracws object immutability
Analogous to SQL(Structured query langauage)
Use the functions that are already present in the library to achieve an objective
Functional programming uses declarative aproach 
8. What is Lambda?
Mainly used for FUnctional interfaces or Single Abstract methods(SAM) implementation.
Prior Java8:
@FunctionalInterface
public interface Comparator<T>{
int compare(T o1, To2);
}
@FunctionalInterface
public interface Runnable{
public abstact void run();
}

implementing Runnable with Lamda
Runnable runnableWithLamda=()->System.out.println("Runnable wiht Lambda");
new Thread(runnableWithLamda).start();
9. Functional Interfaces?
